[Music]
jaden bought a beautiful ring for his
girlfriend
he wanted to propose to her at the
weekend he left the ring on his desk at
home
and went to work but when he got back in
the evening he didn't find the ring
only his three sisters were at home that
day and all of them didn't like his
girlfriend
he went to question each of them mia was
in her room
she said she had spent the whole day
there painting the walls
emily was in the kitchen she answered
she'd been cooking a birthday cake for
her friend
and the youngest nora was in the garden
she said she had been planting roses
it didn't take jaden long to figure out
who had taken the ring
do you know who it was
it was nora she looks too tidy after
spending the entire day in the garden
plus she doesn't have any garden tools
carter's literally running home from
school he has a piece of cake waiting
for him there
but as soon as the boy opens the fridge
he realizes
someone's eaten his cake it can only be
his elder sister maya he sees her
leaving the bathroom
how could you i've been dreaming about
this cake for the whole day
what are you talking about i came home
half an hour ago
i immediately got in the shower and just
finished
carter isn't convinced his sister's hair
is completely dry
maya is both telling the truth about the
shower and lying about not eating the
cake
how is it possible
[Music]
the girl did get in the shower but she
didn't turn the water on
she was just sitting there and eating
the cake
someone stole the money adam kept in his
safe oh my
god the police questioned three suspects
julia said she'd gone to bed at 10 p.m
and fallen asleep right away
parker told the detective he'd been
watching tv from 11 pm to 2 am
and aiden had said he'd been at his
friends playing computer games all night
the police immediately arrested the
thief who was it
it was parker he was very specific about
the time
the best player of julian's volleyball
team disappeared right before the game
julian suspected three players from the
rival team
jackson said i've just returned from the
gym i was warming up before the
competition
leo had to pick up his wife with her
daughter from the hospital
and ryan claimed he'd fractured his leg
and the team doctor was giving him a
massage
who's behind the player's disappearance
it's ryan getting a massage when your
leg's broken
really a rich businessman called the
police
and said a precious vase from his
collection had gone missing
when the detective arrived he found out
the businessman had just returned from
his overseas trip
while he was away a security guard was
looking after the house
the man was questioned it happened last
night i was in the same room with the
vase reading
suddenly the power went out i heard the
doorbell ring and hurried to open the
door
but there was no one outside when i came
back the vase was gone
the detective didn't believe the
security guard and arrested him
why
the doorbell can't ring if there's no
electricity
caroline went for a walk to the park
deep in her thoughts the girl
wasn't really looking where she was
going that's why she didn't notice a pit
in the ground
and fell into it when she came around
she found herself in a strange room
there were no windows no door in the dim
light the girls saw a table with three
apples on it
and was it a note to get out of this
trap
you've got to eat an apple but only one
of them isn't poisoned
pit carefully caroline was terrified
but after examining the apples she
bravely bit into one of them
and nothing bad happened which apple did
she choose
the girl chose the apple with the worm
peeking out of it
if this creature can eat the fruit a
human can too
mary worked as a maid in a rich family
once they left for a one week vacation
the girl stayed alone and looked after
the house when her employers returned
the wife discovered that two of her
diamond rings had gone missing
the woman called the police and accused
mary of taking the jewelry
can you help the girl prove she has
nothing to do with the theft
[Music]
mary was probably not very attentive
while cleaning the house
one of the rings is under the sofa the
other in the bucket
it was the first day of school when the
principal's wallet went missing
there were three suspects the gardener
the math teacher
and the coach here's what they said the
gardener was mowing the front yard
the math teacher was checking the
surprise test he'd given his students
and the coach was meeting new people who
wanted to join the school's soccer team
who took the wallet
[Music]
it was the math teacher nobody gives
surprise
tests on the first day of school
landon's mother is going to visit her
relatives in another town
before leaving she enters her son's room
to say goodbye
oh my it's a terrible mess and the boy's
playing games on his phone
the woman takes the gadget away and
locks it in her safe
i'll tell you the password only after
you send me a photo of your room
tidy and squeaky clean she's at the
railway station when landon sends her
the photo
she's happy at first before she realizes
it's an
old one how did she understand it
the date on the departure board at the
station is december
20th 2020 but it's july 5th 2019
on the calendar in landon's room logan
is a special agent
who's trying to catch a notorious
villain after
long months of investigation he finds
the criminal's headquarters
but the door is locked which is not a
surprise really
logan sees a screen next to the entrance
he touches it and the display lights up
it must be a riddle our special agent
needs to solve it to get inside
add one line to make it right 9.5
equals 10 10 10. logan cracks the puzzle
in no time
what's the answer
9.5 equals 10 to 10.
the door opens and the man steps into a
dark corridor
after walking sometime logan notices a
door
ah a code lock again that's when the man
also spots a calendar hanging on the
wall at the bottom
there are several letters m f w
after connecting the dots the special
agent figures out the code
what is it
it's 1 5 3. the letters stand for the
days of the week
monday friday and wednesday monday is
the first day
friday the 5th and wednesday the third
one
the door swings open and logan sees a
room there's not much inside
just an old mattress several half rotten
fruits in the corner
a small knife half hidden under the
mattress and a water dispenser with a
bottle of water on top of it the villain
must have kept someone here
anyway there are four doors leading out
of the room
behind the first one there's a mother
bear with a cub
the second one leads to a lake with
hungry crocodiles
behind the third door there's a room
filled with toxic gas
and the fourth door hides a wall of fire
with his special training logan doesn't
need much time to choose the door and
leave the room
which one does he pick
the third one the agent empties the
water bottle
then he uses the knife to cut it in such
a way that his head fits in
his scarf helps prevent the toxic air
from entering the bottle
he runs into a room in the corner logan
sees a staircase
it leads to the basement down there
there are three men
each of them is tied to a chair and
claims that one of the other two is the
villain
they tell logan they've been locked in
there for at least four days
the special agent looks at the men
attentively and soon figures out who the
criminal is
can you do the same
the villain is the man on the left four
days have passed
but he has no stubble whatsoever case
solved
allison is a big boss in an
international company
one day she's hurrying to an important
meeting when she notices the documents
she needs
haven't been printed out but she's asked
at least three of her subordinates to do
it
ian says he's just returned from the
supermarket because they've run out of
coffee beans
robert claims he's been terribly busy
drafting a new contract
and alice answers she's been in the
kitchen preparing snacks and making
coffee for the meeting
who's actually forgotten about the task
and making up
excuses at the last moment
it's alice there's no coffee in the
office then
how could she make it aha